## Chapter 8

- 5
Why then has this people turned away in perpetual backsliding? They hold fast to deceit; they refuse to return.

- 7
Even the stork in the heavens knows her times, and the turtledove, swallow, and crane keep the time of their coming, but my people know not the rules of YHVH.


- 9
The wise men shall be put to shame; they shall be dismayed and taken; behold, they have rejected the word of YHVH, so what wisdom is in them?

- 10
Therefore I will give their wives to others and their fields to conquerors, because from the least to the greatest everyone is greedy for unjust gain; from prophet to priest, everyone deals falsely.

- 11
They have healed the wound of my people lightly, saying, ‘Peace, peace,’ when there is no peace.

- 12
Were they ashamed when they committed abomination? No, they were not at all ashamed; they did not know how to blush. Therefore they shall fall among the fallen; when I punish them, they shall be overthrown, says YHVH.

- 13
When I would gather them, declares YHVH, there are no grapes on the vine, nor figs on the fig tree; even the leaves are withered, and what I gave them has passed away from them.”

- 14
Why do we sit still? Gather together; let us go into the fortified cities and perish there, for YHVH our God has doomed us to perish and has given us poisoned water to drink, because we have sinned against YHVH.

- 15
We looked for peace, but no good came; for a time of healing, but behold, terror.


- 18
My joy is gone; grief is upon me; my heart is sick within me.

- 19
Behold, the cry of the daughter of my people from the length and breadth of the land: “Is YHVH not in Zion? Is her King not in her?” “Why have they provoked me to anger with their carved images and with their foreign idols?”
