
2015-12-20

## hangman ( God Will Provide )

## volunteers
-- hand out animores
-- hand out bibles
-- snacks
-- hang out with new kids

## rules
-- I'm the boss.
-- quiet time - time out
-- 2 strikes and you'll get kicked to the pew

## church vs. school
- why were we made?
- what is different between church and school

## proverbs
1.1 - last week
1.2 - this week
1.3 - next week

## plans for today
-- prayer, talk, snack, quiz, movie

## Prayer Request

## problem vs. Solution
-- let's talk about business
-- anyone's dad or mom do 'sales'
-- what's a problem?

-- you can have a problem with no solution and you can have a solution with no problem.

### HotSAUCE
-- who wants some hot sauce for their snack?

### ROBOTtime
-- who likes doing homework and chores?
-- anyone in here like someone else to do their homework and chores?
-- meet the robot!

-- candy
-- scratch my back

## HEAVEN

### I need some Volunteers
- sports (ball into trash)
- build up 15 blocks
- raise your hand if you obey your parents all the time

let's talk about heaven for a moment - did you know you have to be absolutely perfect - only people who obey their parents all the time, who can never miss, build blocks

### One of God's commandments is to obey your parents

## if we can't get into heaven because you have to be perfect then we have a real problem. What's the problem? What's the solution

## I'm going to read a story and we're going to have a quiz based on the names of people, places and thanks

## So what is the solution? 

## Christmas Quiz
- what is the solution our sin?
- what is the name of Jesus's mother?
- where was Jesus born?
- What was the name of the angel that spoke to Mary?
- who did angels appear when Jesus was born?
- Why did Mary & Joseph travel to Bethelehem?

## Memory Verse
“Praise be to the Lord, the God of Israel, because he has come to his people and redeemed them."
luke 1:68
## Prayer Request

## Interview

## Video

## Handouts

