
2015-11-01

# WELCOME 

intro games
-- hangman ()

## rules
-- I'm the boss.
-- quiet time - time out
-- 2 strikes and you'll get kicked to the pew

## 1 think interesting

## what's a question for me?

## church vs. school
- why we come to sunday school
- what is different between church and school

## Bible quiz
- how many books are in the bible? 66
- how many testaments are in the bible? 2
- how many books in the OT(39) and NT(27)
- first 5 books of the bible
- how many commandments did God give Moses
- What is the first commandment? Exodus 20:2–3

## Memory Verse
“Let the one who boasts boast about this: that they have the understanding to know me, that I am the LORD, who exercises kindness, justice and righteousness on earth, for in these I delight,” declares the LORD. Jeremiah 9:24

## Prayer Request

## we're going to talk about the wilderness
Q - what is the wilderness?

## Good news & bad news

bad news - life is going to get hard
good news - God is with you.

## MOVIE

## SNACK

## read 2 paragraphs

Sometimes in our lives, we experience times of being in the “wilderness.” During these times we might feel scared or lost. We might not understand why God is allowing hard things to happen. Engage with the kids about this. Ask them what types of situations in their lives might feel like a “wilderness.” Examples: being the new kid at school, losing a loved one, having a hard time making friends, etc. Just as the Israelites could trust God even though life was hard for a while, we can also trust God when life is difficult. We have no need to fear, for God is with us and He is in control.

But God, their sovereign King, wasn’t planning on making His people go through all of this for nothing. He had already chosen them as His people, freed them from slavery, and promised to bring them into a place where they could be set apart for Him, free to depend on Him for everything. Yet, when push came to shove, God’s people didn’t fully trust God.


## Pray and play
- pray for God to lead us.
- then, we play games

By playing - we trust God is in control and that our efforts are futile.

## GAMES
- catmathdo
- memory
- checkers

## Handouts

