
# 2016-01-10

## hangman ( God is good )

## rules
-- I'm the boss.
-- quiet time - time out
-- 2 strikes and you'll get kicked to the pew

## church vs. school
- why were we made?
- what is different between church and school

## proverbs
1.3 - last week
1.4 - this week
1.5 - next week

## talk

During the Festival of First Fruits, the Israelites celebrated that God is trustworthy, that He will always do what He says He will do. The Festival of First Fruits reminded the people that they could trust God to provide all their needs. It was a time to remember how God provided in the past and how He would continue to be faithful in the future.

What does the word trustworthy mean? Explain that trustworthy means “honest, truthful, and dependable.” If someone is trustworthy, it means you can trust him to follow through with his promises. 

What comes to mind when I say “God is trustworthy”?

## Old Testament Significance

Several times a year, the Israelites gathered for a festival. In Leviticus 23, the Lord said to Moses, “Speak to the Israelites and say to them: ‘These are my appointed festivals … which you are to proclaim as sacred assemblies.’” The seven annual festivals are Passover, the Feast of Unleavened Bread, the Feast of First Fruits, the Feast of Harvest, the Feast of Trumpets, the Day of Atonement, and the Feast of Tabernacles (or Booths). 

In addition, the Israelites celebrated the Festival of Jubilee in the 50th year, the year following seven cycles of seven sabbatical years. They also gathered weekly to celebrate the Sabbath. During these celebrations, the Israelites took time to remember what God had done for His people and to celebrate His goodness. The entire faith community gathered without the burden of work to simply worship and celebrate. They ate, danced, sang, played instruments, prayed, and offered sacrifices to God.

## New Testament Significance

The Feast of Passover was fulfilled by the death of the Messiah, the Feast of Unleavened Bread was fulfilled by His sinless sacrifice, and the Feast of First Fruits was fulfilled by His resurrection. 

The Feast of Harvest began with a great harvest of three thousand souls by the coming of the promised Holy Spirit, who continues to harvest souls today. The Feast of Trumpets will announce Christ’s return, the Day of Atonement will usher in His judgment of the nations, the Feast of Tabernacles will begin the journey to our new home in a new heaven and earth, and the Feast of Jubilee symbolizes our eternity in heaven with our Lord and Savior—living in perfection, free from the debt of sin. 

TRUST FALL GAME

## Memory Verse
“Praise be to the Lord, the God of Israel, because he has come to his people and redeemed them."
luke 1:68



## Prayer Request
