
2015-11-01

# WELCOME

intro games
-- hangman ( trust & obey )

## rules
-- I'm the boss.
-- quiet time - time out
-- 2 strikes and you'll get kicked to the pew

## church vs. school
- why we come to sunday school
- what is different between church and school

## Bible quiz
- how many books are in the bible? 66
- how many testaments are in the bible? 2
- how many books in the OT(39) and NT(27)
- first 5 books of the bible
- how many commandments did God give Moses
- What is the first commandment? Exodus 20:2–3

## Last week what did we talk about?
- Pray and Play when you're in the wilderness.

## who can tell me 5 names
## 1 think interesting
## what's a question for me a grownup?


## Memory Verse
“Let the one who boasts boast about this: that they have the understanding to know me, that I am the LORD, who exercises kindness, justice and righteousness on earth, for in these I delight,” declares the LORD. Jeremiah 9:24

## Prayer Request


## Games?

## Lesson movie
- Jericho ones

## Lesson read

God led His people to the Promised Land. Before they got there, God asked His people to trust Him, for He would miraculously part the Jordan River for them to cross! Once they had crossed safely, God told the Israelites to march around the city of Jericho for seven days while the priests blew their trumpets. On the seventh day, the people gave a big shout, and the walls came crumbling down! God was faithful to His promise!

## Lesson summary

learn to listen - count to 10 in your head. God's voice will sound like that
learn to trust - sometimes things don't make sense
learn to obey - follow the Lord even when things are weird.

## Weird things
- movie 2 - 4 clip

## Handouts

