## chapter 10

- 1
Hear the word which YHVH speaks to you, O house of Israel.

- 2
Thus says YHVH, "Do not learn the way of the nations, And do not be terrified by the signs of the heavens Although the nations are terrified by them;

- 3
For the customs of the peoples are delusion; Because it is wood cut from the forest, The work of the hands of a craftsman with a cutting tool.

- 4
"They decorate it with silver and with gold; They fasten it with nails and with hammers So that it will not totter.

- 5
"Like a scarecrow in a cucumber field are they, And they cannot speak; They must be carried, Because they cannot walk! Do not fear them, For they can do no harm, Nor can they do any good."

- 6
There is none like You, O YHVH; You are great, and great is Your name in might.

- 7
Who would not fear You, O King of the nations? Indeed it is Your due! For among all the wise men of the nations And in all their kingdoms, There is none like You.

- 8
But they are altogether stupid and foolish In their discipline of delusion-their idol is wood!

- 9
Beaten silver is brought from Tarshish, And gold from Uphaz, The work of a craftsman and of the hands of a goldsmith; Violet and purple are their clothing; They are all the work of skilled men.

- 10
But YHVH is the true God; He is the living God and the everlasting King. At His wrath the earth quakes, And the nations cannot endure His indignation.

- 11
Thus you shall say to them, "The gods that did not make the heavens and the earth will perish from the earth and from under the heavens."

- 12
It is He who made the earth by His power, Who established the world by His wisdom; And by His understanding He has stretched out the heavens.

- 13
When He utters His voice, there is a tumult of waters in the heavens, And He causes the clouds to ascend from the end of the earth; He makes lightning for the rain, And brings out the wind from His storehouses.

- 14
Every man is stupid, devoid of knowledge; Every goldsmith is put to shame by his idols; For his molten images are deceitful, And there is no breath in them.

- 15
They are worthless, a work of mockery; In the time of their punishment they will perish.

- 16
The portion of Jacob is not like these; For the Maker of all is He, And Israel is the tribe of His inheritance; YHVH of hosts is His name.

- 17
Pick up your bundle from the ground, You who dwell under siege!

- 18
For thus says YHVH, "Behold, I am slinging out the inhabitants of the land At this time, And will cause them distress, That they may be found."

- 20
My tent is destroyed, And all my ropes are broken; My sons have gone from me and are no more. There is no one to stretch out my tent again Or to set up my curtains.

- 23
I know, O YHVH, that a man's way is not in himself, Nor is it in a man who walks to direct his steps.

- 24
Correct me, O YHVH, but with justice; Not with Your anger, or You will bring me to nothing.

- 25
Pour out Your wrath on the nations that do not know You And on the families that do not call Your name; For they have devoured Jacob; They have devoured him and consumed him And have laid waste his habitation.
