Nanoc is a static site generator written in Ruby. It is small but powerful and stable. This template is built on top of Nanoc. The aim of this project is for you not to need to understand nanoc to create a business card. But if you plan to customize this layout, then it would benefit you to understand nanoc.

Install Business Card by following these N steps.
1. fork
2. clone
3. bundle
4. start local site
5. update the yaml files
6. configure your nav
7. delete the placeholder blog posts
8. add an old blog post of yours
8. commit your changes
9. push to github
10. visit gh settings and have your gh-pages be set to docs folder.
11. view your static site at;

# README notes since i keep blowing away

# trouble shooting

Sometimes chrome will cache pages sent by the server. So you might need to disable cache in developer tools.

# content is where your content goes

# docs
Docs directory is the compiled pages that are run through the server. Do not edit these files directly, they are automatically generated by the nanoc server. Edit the pages in the `/content` directory

# content

Content holds all the dynamic content. Each page of content has 3 pieces to manage. The `.html`, `.yaml`, and nav link.

The current content pages are; about, contact, education, index (which is landing page), resume, and tags. (Tags is the only page not shown on in the nav)

## landing page

The landing page is managed with index.html and index.yaml. The content should be managed using the yaml file.

## all other pages, 'info pages'

The goal is for you to swap out your information on each of these pages easily.

# Creating blog posts

To create a blog post run

`bundle exec rake post['post title name']`


# nanoc.yaml
Nanoc.yaml a catch all file for site wide configurations including;
- google font selections
- using disqus
- footer content
- github profile
- google analytics
- meta keywords
- site header

Nanoc.yaml also contains some nanoc specific configurations but you are not expected to touch any of those for your business card

# start the server

Run `bundle exec nanoc live` to start the server

# Page changes

Pages served come from `docs` folder. If you made a change but do not see, it is possible that your browser has cached the page. With Chrome, you can open dev tools > settings and 'disable cache'.

# card-example

The card-example.yaml is the full extent of content that is currently supported. Use that template to add additional content to pages.

# lib directory

The lib directory contains Ruby logic and helper methods used throughout the site. Lib is part of Nanoc's design.

# google fonts

Your Business Card can use up to two google fonts. You must configure them in two places. First, declare which font you want to use in nanoc.yaml. Second, you must update it in the since CSS doesn't know Ruby.

# layouts

Layouts directory manages the common templates. default.html is the main html content. post.html is for the blog posts. show.html is for non-blog pages.

## partials

partials are used around the site.
