## Chapter 5

- 1
“Roam to and fro through the streets of Jerusalem, And look now and take note. And seek in her open squares, If you can find a man, If there is one who does justice, who seeks truth, Then I will pardon her.

- 2
“And although they say, ‘As YHVH lives,’ Surely they swear falsely.”

- 3
O YHVH, do not Your eyes look for truth? You have smitten them, But they did not weaken; You have consumed them, But they refused to take correction. They have made their faces harder than rock; They have refused to repent.

- 4
Then I said, “They are only the poor, They are foolish; For they do not know the way of YHVH Or the ordinance of their God.

- 11
“For the house of Israel and the house of Judah Have dealt very treacherously with Me,” declares YHVH.


- 14
Therefore, thus says YHVH, the God of hosts, “Because you have spoken this word, Behold, I am making My words in your mouth fire And this people wood, and it will consume them.

- 18
“Yet even in those days,” declares YHVH, “I will not make you a complete destruction.

- 19
“It shall come about when they say, ‘Why has YHVH our God done all these things to us?’ then you shall say to them, ‘As you have forsaken Me and served foreign gods in your land, so you will serve strangers in a land that is not yours.’

- 21
‘Now hear this, O foolish and senseless people, Who have eyes but do not see; Who have ears but do not hear.

- 22
‘Do you not fear Me?’ declares YHVH. ‘Do you not tremble in My presence? For I have placed the sand as a boundary for the sea, An eternal decree, so it cannot cross over it. Though the waves toss, yet they cannot prevail;
Though they roar, yet they cannot cross over it.

- 23
‘But this people has a stubborn and rebellious heart; They have turned aside and departed.

- 24
‘They do not say in their heart, “Let us now fear YHVH our God, Who gives rain in its season, Both the autumn rain and the spring rain, Who keeps for us The appointed weeks of the harvest.”

- 25
‘Your iniquities have turned these away, And your sins have withheld good from you.

- 26
‘For wicked men are found among My people, They watch like fowlers lying in wait; They set a trap, They catch men.

- 31
The prophets prophesy falsely, And the priests rule on their own authority; And My people love it so! But what will you do at the end of it?
