2015-10-27

## animores
- buy inventory and sell for $5 a pack and reimburse corner stone
- use 9am service to put the cards together

## cat math do
- scholastic and boulder vally school math to share cat math do.
- sell for $20 and give profit
- make single stands for scholastic tables.

katie librarian

### math people 
jackie weber
david woodward

---

Yeah...I learned this last week that we have NEVER made a profit in 8 years!
So this show is over. This model is not a real business model...it's just an act! (yes, one of my seven exclamation points)

We have 300k vendors as an untapped customer base. If we do not pivot then I'm out.

This is the updated draft, 
Page 5 is the one page summary; 
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/13563632/xls_draft.pdf

For me, in a perfect world, I'd work from the browser to consume API's managed with Rails. Meaning, I'd like to straddle the line between front & backend doing Rails, JavaScript, HTML & CSS. Also, I have design, business, and finance (MS Finance) experience so I am interested in participating in larger conversations about profit and User Experience.

---
GT,

Quick update...

Maria Gutierrez runs my Division and we met to discuss some of the ideas I want to present. She provided valuable insight that required some edits. Also, I was fortunate to schedule a meeting with Diwarkar for this Friday. I'm excited to get some time with him... he is top notch! 30 minutes with him will be invaluable.
I will make the changes based on my meeting with him and have a docuemnt to you by Monday.


Hi Diwarkar,

I look forward to meeting on Friday!

Page 5 is the one page summary.
DRAFT: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/13563632/xls_draft.pdf

Quick blurb about me - I've been with the company almost two years. Currently, I'm on Marketing Platform (under Maria G.). Before LivingSocial I spent 17 years in small business sales & marketing experience, including 3 turnarounds, founding 2 companies, selling one, and now realize that Art Director was my favorite past job before coding. I'm formally trained with a Masters in Finance. Yes, it's been an adventure! 

