---
layout: post
title: "the ABC's"
description: ""
category: entrepreneurship
tags: []
---

The three parts of business can be broken into art business and code. The driving motivation for me to become a develoepr was to build online businesses. I've been doing a lot of thinking about the need for Art, Business, and Code. This is a working outline.

I'm a designer turned entrepreneur turn programmer. My T-shirt designs converted into company which I needed to build websites for. I tried to build websites with freelancers or third-party sites like Square space. But nothing could translate my vision is clear so I had to learn to code myself.



# Art
Programming is an art.
Building a company is an art.

## Design
### Colors
Colors have a demon emotion and explain things without words
### Theme/Style
What is the general tone of your company isn't happy casual or serious and still have to figure that out
### Font
Fonts play the part and the overall branding finding if it's slab send Sarah or Sarah
### Texture
### Layouts
#### Sessions
#### Responsive
#### CRUD
## Branding
### Voice
### Identity

## PET
### Policy
What are your policies policies and things like give $10 fee if people have return
### Priority
Where your business priorities priorities and things like if a customer is late or needs to prove Art how do you prioritize
### Psychology
Psychology is how you build trust with customer do believe that you are and are willing to do business with you
### Education
You need to educate your customers so that they properly understand what they're signing up for
### Expectations
Expectations are related today what's going to happen the worst thing you can hear customer say is had I known this would happen I would have paid for your services
### Experience
The way I would do experience is one of my customers to feel like they were a fashion designer how do people experience doing business with you
### Timing
Honey is related to when you tell customer service things I see you don't need all of their personal information at the beginning of transaction
### Tact
Tact is how you approach the topic do you see with their feelings and understanding or is it just transactional for you
### Terms
What are the terms of people are agreeing to be doing business you cannot provide infinite options so you need to let people know what they're signing up for

# Business
## Market
How big is the market that you working through
## Natural Resource
Natural resources something he Bailove so I cannot buy high-end so low standard business so what are you do you have access to that you can create a profit
### Manufacturing toward profitability
### Finance & Accounting

## Product / Service
## Special Sauce
What is the jingle that you have compared to your competitors that makes you different
## Customers
## Team
## Communication
### Social
### Paid
### PR
### Word of Mouth

# Code

What would you do for $1 million? Programming is the way that guarantees a single gives you a chance to have a grand slam. How would you feel if you could not read write or speak English in America? HTML is the new English.
## Frontend
### HTML / CSS
### Jquery / JS
### Responsive
### Cross-browser

## Backend
### Servers
### Rails
### Ruby
### Databases
### Gems
### API's
