# Joseph

2015-10-04

# WELCOME 

intro games
-- dream circle
-- joseph’s life race signs

- kid introductions

## rules
-- I'm the boss.
-- quiet time - 123 eyes on me.
-- don't be loud when we go outside

# Pre-lesson

## intro
- why we come to sunday school
- what is different between church and school

## Prayer Request

## Bible quiz
- how many books are in the bible? 66
- how many testaments are in the bible? 2
- how many books in the OT(39) and NT(27)
- first 5 books of the bible

## Memory Verse
Know therefore that the LORD your God is God; he is the faithful God, keeping his covenant of love to a thousand generations of those who love him and keep his commandments.
Deuteronomy 7:9
# Lesson

## lesson intro
- womb
- God is good
- we begin in sin and move to righteousness (triangle journey)
- God allows trials to change us and clean our hear

## About Joseph
- dad jacob
- had 11 brothers
- jacob made joseph a coat
- joseph had dreams of greatness
- made brother’s mad
- sold him into slavery
- he was in prision
- God was cleansing Joseph’s heart
- Joseph made 2nd in command
- famine saved just like he told his brothers


In Pharaoh’s first dream, seven thin cows ate up seven fat cows (show cows image). And in his second dream, seven thin ears of grain ate up seven plump ears of grain (show grain image). 

Joseph told Pharaoh that this dream meant that there would be seven good years of crops with lots of food for everyone. But then there would follow seven years of famine where there would be no food at all. 

After Joseph explained the dreams, Pharaoh was amazed. He made Joseph his second in command! Joseph’s job was to save up enough food during the first seven years that there would be enough to feed everyone during the seven years of famine. 

Eventually, the famine was so bad that Joseph’s family back in Canaan was running out of food. So Joseph’s father, Jacob, sent all of Joseph’s brothers except the youngest, Benjamin, to Egypt to buy food. 

And whom do you think they had to ask for the food? Invite responses. That’s right: Joseph! But Joseph was older now, so they didn’t recognize him. The little kid, the one they threw into a pit so many years ago, was now like a king to them. They were bowing down to him—just like in Joseph’s dream.

God isn’t happy when people hurt each other the way that Joseph’s brothers hurt him, but God is still good even when others do wrong. God used these events in Joseph's life to help him to depend on God. But, even more, God knew these difficult events had a bigger purpose.

Even when things in life are hard, God can use difficult situations for good. We can always trust that God is good! Kids respond, " Tell a story of a time you experienced a hard situation and still saw that God is good.

## lesson summary

### Something great
- If you could have any job when you grow up, what would it be?
- What kinds of dreams do you have?

### Death of self
- God prepared Joseph's heart through trials and challenging times so that He would be of a pure heart when serving God.
- bad things happens to godly people but it's for a reason.

### Ready for God's
- God will bring you through it.

God is good but we are not. We have goodness in us, but there is still old bad habits. God will allow us to go through some hard times to get those bad parts removed. We’re going to learn that example today with Joseph.

Joseph was put in many situations in which he had no choice but to depend on God. The events he endured were difficult, lonely, and terrible. Yet we know that God is good. He orchestrated all of these circumstances so that Joseph would be appointed second-in-command of Egypt. The events that happened in Joseph’s life were necessary to train him for the position God intended him to occupy—both spiritually and practically. Though God indeed intended to make Joseph great, He first took him far out of his comfort zone so he was forced to rely on God alone.

God is sovereign and good. We don’t always know what good He will bring out of our seemingly hopeless situations. God didn’t take Joseph out of his comfort zone to destroy him but to coax him to the next level of character, compassion, and destiny. God intends to do the same for us. We must never lose hope, because we belong to a loving, good God “who works out everything in conformity with the purpose of his will” (Ephesians1:11).

Remember, no matter how dark it may seem, we must never give up hope that God is good and has a purposeful future in store for us! “God of all goodness, open my eyes to the good gifts You’ve given me. Help me remember that no matter how uncomfortable and challenging life becomes, You can use all of these things to draw me close to You. I can trust that You work everything for good and Your glory. Amen.”
# Post-Lesson

## Snack

## drawing / closing game

