
2015-11-01

# WELCOME

intro games
-- hangman ( trust & obey )

## rules
-- I'm the boss.
-- quiet time - time out
-- 2 strikes and you'll get kicked to the pew

## church vs. school
- why we come to sunday school
- what is different between church and school

## Bible quiz
- how many books are in the bible? 66
- how many testaments are in the bible? 2
- how many books in the OT(39) and NT(27)
- first 5 books of the bible
- how many commandments did God give Moses
- What is the first commandment? Exodus 20:2–3
- 

## who can tell me 5 names
## 1 think interesting
## what's a question for me a grownup?


## Memory Verse
“Let the one who boasts boast about this: that they have the understanding to know me, that I am the LORD, who exercises kindness, justice and righteousness on earth, for in these I delight,” declares the LORD. Jeremiah 9:24

## Prayer Request

## Handouts

## RAW

God had been very clear. When you enter the land, He told Moses and Joshua, you must destroy the nations who are living there or drive them from the land, else they will become as barbs in your eyes and thorns in your sides (Num. 33:55), and you will be drawn into their idolatry (Duet 7:4). And this is exactly what happened. They failed to drive out the enemies of God, and those same enemies drew them into sin.

The theme of Judges could be summarized in the verse, “But in those days, Israel had no king and everyone did what was right in their own eyes” (Judges 17:6). This is the story of the book of Judges—a period in the life of Israel that consisted of a repeating pattern—that of sin, bondage, repentance, and deliverance, which continued for 480 years throughout the period of the Judges. The key verse in Judges is found in 2:16 where it says that in response to their idolatry, God gave the people over to conquerors, but then as they repented, God raised up Judges who delivered them. Because God is a God who delivers.

Disobedience brings judgment. But God is faithful (2 Tim 2:13). He desires that all come to repentance (2 Pet 3:9). When we repent, we can see the faithfulness of God in delivering us. Judges displays this principle for us time and time again. In fact, Joshua and Judges can be seen as a model, in advance, of the spiritual life of the believer.

Unfortunately, this cycle in the book of Judges is a pattern we fall into in our own lives far too often. But the clear message of the book of Judges; and the message of God’s work in our own lives is that God delivers.
