# Let's take a stroll down memory lane...

2005 was the golden age of MySpace. MySpace let users write HTML to customize their profile. I thought MySpace users were teenagers learning HTML/CSS/JS in high school and applying their computer literacy to customize profiles. I thought that I missed the Internet bus. But as it turns out those _whizzkids_ were just a fantasy of mine. MySpace wasn't full of coders and I didn't miss the bus afterall.

Remember Blogger? It was my first blog circa 2002. It was the blog we used for my music club, [Afterburners](http://afterburnersclub.blogspot.com/). Back then I would go into the  _Customize html_ section without realizing I was diving into an XML based template. No wonder I was lost! I recently started a new [blogger](http://wwwoodall.blogspot.com). (here's the [backstory](https://wwwoodall.blogspot.com/2017/01/what-hell.html)). What I didn't realize until tinkering around this go is that this new Blogger of mine is fast becoming the kind site experience I thought MySpace was 12 years ago. I have become one of the _whizzkids_ and doing to my Blogger what I thought MySpace users where doing to their profiles.

You might be asking yourself why I'm doing this. First off, it's a lot of fun doing something I envisioned _other people_  doing 12 years ago. I thought _everyone_ saw it this way and maybe they did and I'm still catching up. But from the looks of things, people would rather write and publish with click a button. I like that my content is the combination of writing in IAWriter, coding HTML/CSS in Atom, and managing version control in GIT/github. I'm using all dimensions of my skills to post content. This is also leveling up my Chrome Dev tools skills. Additionally, hacking on a Blogger is a great way to practice Progressive Enhancement. By designing markup, styles, and animations around the content (As [Adaptive Web Design](https://adaptivewebdesign.info/) explains) I am learning that the web should be content driven design.
