Jason, 

After 17 years in the apparel business and managing the risks of inventory, It has been a dream of mine to run a sass business. Software as a service is as close to a perfect business model as it comes. I have been working toward Backpack is not only my favorite website, it's also a SAAS that is in tact but neglected. 

You asked what my vision is. It is highly influence on my background and I would like to quickly share so you know where I'm coming from.

I went to a religious college that required students to wear a tie to class. On Sunday mornings they could not legally require us to attend church so there was a mandatory 'fire drill' that forced everyone out of the dorms for three hours. I wasn't about to dress up for church for 6 days a week. So I started printing t-shirts with the words "Church Clothes" that had a PAC-SUN style to them. Fellow students asked me to make them one an and over the course of two years I sold about 2,000 shirts out of my dorm room. 

I graduated College in December, 2000. By that time, I had already started making shirts for bands and summer camps. I had a little business that showed promise. One of my graphic designer peers was in the computer lab one night and I looked over his shoulder. He was teaching himself HTML. Since the tech bubble had burst I concluded the Internet was a fad and proceeded to grow my t-shirt business. I was making shirts for clients while building Church Clothes as a christian clothing brand. I was living in San Diego at the time and was making a name for myself designing apparel for touring musicians. One of the biggest competitors who opperated out of Nashville offered me a job paying 3x what I was making for myself. So we moved to Nashville to help Futureshirts. They were okay with me continuing Church Clothes since it was how I was marketing to music clients. From 2004 - 2006 I got into 100 retailers and put together a seven show music tour. I worked with a friend to open two kiosks in Atlanta. I figured that as long as I make cool designs and focus on selling then I didn't need to bother with the boring details of accounting and finance. Of course that is wrong and after six short months of simultaneously running a wholesale and retail business, Church Clothes became insolvent. So I enrolled in night classes for Accounting to ensure my next business doesn't succumb to those same mistakes. 

Around this time I was at my former bosses house reading an INC article that had a product comparison section of project management tools. I went through and tried all of them, including basecamp. I managed all my clients with basecamp and highrise. It was my first time learning about SAAS. After managing inventory risk at thin margins, the idea of paying for time was the greatest business model I ever heard of.

After four Accounting courses and my business failure still fresh in my mind, I asked my professor how to make forward projections according to my financial situation. That's when I learned about Finance. The next year, I moved my family to Denver and began an MS in Finance. 

Shortly after moving to Denver, I co-founded AMB3R. I thought it would be a chance for me to practice my accounting and finance skills. So, I took on Sales and Finance while he handled design and manufacturing. I was attending Grad School and building AMB3R. One of my professors heard about my apparel company and connected me with a PE firm who had recently bought out an apparel company out of bankruptcy. They tapped me to join the new management team to be an Art Director. So, I switched to night classes and AMB3R nights and weekends. I managed AMB3R and Ouray on top of the 37 signals suite. And it was effective for a $500K business and a $20M business. You might be aware that it was during this time I was regularly submitting feedback and suggestions.

Around 2008 I began to realize the Internet was not a fad after all. I knew how to consume it, but I had no idea how it worked. So amidst running my business, working as art director, and attending finance I began to learn HTML & CSS. I began to describe it as there is a new country called Internetland and HTML is the new English. As an entrep