# The P's

In an effort to continue to get better at programming, I find that it is not just one approach. Some days I have a lot of ambition. Lately, not so much. I took a few minutes to inventory the various ways I can keep moving forward even when one area of me is not in the mood.

## Play

Playing is fun. Playing doesn't take energy. Sometimes you learn something new. Other times you just get better or more comfortable at things you already know.

## Poking around

Poking is when you just want to see what's out there. Maybe on someone's github. Maybe what's going on in a particular file in the rails repo. Nothing too big and essentially surfing the web based on the whims of a programmer's curiosity.

## Programming for real

Programming is writing code. Ideally, the right way. Sitting down, strapping in, setting the pomodoro and heading toward a particular direction. Sometimes that direction works. Other times, not so much.

## Problem solving

Problem soloving is not necessarily in front of a screen. It is the thinking part. The imagination. The long walk. The white board. The parts of the task that need to be figured out so that when it is time to code, you know what direction to head.

## Practice along

Practice is doing something by following along. Reading a book. Rewriting a repo. Watching a video. Improving on the craft that you already work on. It might even be creating a practice-branch and planning to throw it away. It is code you are around that doesn't really see the light of day.

## Posting your personality

For whatever reasons, programmers enjoy autonomy. That maybe either be personal preference or their lack of attention to marketing. (Blog) Posting is the way for other people to get to know you online. Think of it as time spent on taking care of the side of your skill that still needs to be employeed. It could be a blog post or a comment on a public forum. Posting takes time.

## Preparing for production

Preparation is the time you need in between. The mental, spiritual, and physical aspects of you that you need to care for. Diet, exercise, prayer all play a part in our overall health and well being. Sometimes the best thing to do is unplug for an afternoon and just refuel.
