# The three parts of you

## The difference between the soul and spirit
God created us with three parts; body, soul, and spirit.
The soul is made of the mind, will, and emotions. These three produce the activities of "think", "do", and "feel". It's pretty easy to tell when someone is caught up in one of these activities. But trying to be the warm, intellectual, activist is a hard balancing act. Personally, my track record of activities birthed in the soul is abysmal and have begun to lose confidence in my ability to maintain at the levels I want.
Inside of our soul is the spirit. The spirit is not thinking, feeling, or doing. It is an internal domain that influences what our mind, will, and emotions act upon.
You are born with a spirit you inherited from Adam. If you were to inspect that spirit, you would discover that it's an empty chair that once held something mysterious. It resembles an Egyptian pyramid that tells of something great that was lost. There is no point in returning to a graveyard. As consequence, you close the door to your spirit and live life in the activity of the soul, where you believe you are in control.
God has given us the choice to continue with the spirit you inherited or trade it in for a new one. When you ask God to exchange the Adam spirit for the Holy Spirit, God converts the emptiness of Adam's tomb into a new kingdom. There, He waits for you to visit again and discover someone dwelling inside you!
The more you return to the kingdom within, the more you begin to realize that you can remain there at all times. It's like your personal Narnia.
You do not "think", "feel", or "do" in the Spirit. There, you listen and rest. However, living in the Spirit does not mean the soul's activities atrophy. No, the soul becomes empowered! Thinking, Feeling, and Doing will occur but it will be God who inspired the soul-activity as you remain with Him. You will observe and participate in activities that are not self-generated and realize the indwelling Christ for yourself.
Conversations in the Spirit take some getting used to because the Holy Spirit actually sounds like your voice. It can be awkward because you hear what sounds like your voice, but you are in a posture of listening. The thought of handing over control requires a level of defeat, surrender, and faith. But when it comes, you realize that life is much deeper and God much more real and present than you could imagine. For in this place, control is relinquished to the One who has all the real control anyway.
