---
title: stop
date: 2014-09-01 17:03 UTC
tags:
---

once i started to realize that i was not going to get fired from Living Social I had some mental margin. The first thing that came to me wsa that my daughter had died. but then, i attached that to a larger trend. I had not had a chance to process all that had gone on in the years leading up to that.

I'm a programmer in Boulder. What in teh world. We were living in Denver with a vision to an MBA. But I lost my goal, my company, my brother in law, my house, i was unemployed for 9 months, and lost my daughter. What was all this happeneing.

it was at this time the Lord started to reframe my story. The story of my parents and and my career was a perfect situation to create a soil for me to begin to craft my inner identity for temporary gains. I started to realize that my motivations were deeper than just providing and making ends meet. I was not interested in a car, I was interested in a BMW. I was not interested in living in Boulder, I wanted to live in a bigger house that I owned.

I started to realize that I wanted things in a way to provide more than the necessary things. I started to see how much of my drive was to have such accomplishments that other people would see, admire, respect, honor, and worship me. I saw how all this striving was a way for me to be King.

Just as Olivia was being formed in Danae's womb, so we are being formed for our Second birth.  These adventures of highs and lows helped me see that I have a heart issue that needs to be addressed.

