# New man vs. Old man

Epheasians is one of the places that talks about an old man and a new man. It hasn’t been until this year have I begin to take notice that there has been a new voice in my head that is a blend of mine and Christs. I can see it as the new man.

Along the way I’ve tried to convert the old man into the new man, thinking that was how it was done. But reality is that the old man in me wants nothing to do with a second persona that is being formed and birthed in is. As we’ve heard stories of mothers who didn’t realize they were pregnant, there’s something to that in us. 

As we grow in Christ, those first few years of our lives seem to be a relationship of just trying to prevent the old man from living. And looking to Christ, the bible, accountability, church, books, and other materials to help you contain your old man.

But the truth is the old man will never be contained. He has to be put to death. That is a very hard concept to grasp if you don’t see another voice or life to take hold onto. 

But as you grow in Christ, you will soon begin to hear a second voice in you that is contrary to what you think on a regular, practical basis. Something inside of you that accepts and is grateful for the events that have transpired in your life that you naturally regret. Loss, setback, failure are opposite of the old man. But the New man will soon begin speaking to you and reminding you that those are the events ‘we’ needed to come unto the revelation of Christ.

David Woodall:	but let me ask a serious question about it …	if you take a minute and meditate, can you decipher the two voices of your old man and new man inside you?	can you hear opposing views?Aaron Peterson:	Mmm that's a tough one. I def hear an argument inside but I'm not sure if it's old man/new man David Woodall:	did i already tell you (I think i did) that the old man is fighting (in me) for health and wealth?Aaron Peterson:	Yeah!  Define "old man". The Adam man?  The lost man?David Woodall:	I think that Adam man	Eph 4 kinda zips past the concept into practice	but i think it’s relevant to stop and notice how the two are at war;	Eph 4: 22 That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man…: 24 And put on the new man	just realizing that as believers there are these waring personalities in us	and as we get older, I’m starting to hear the new man more	rather than - I’m the old man and Jesus told me to stop	it’s now - I’m the old man. But the new man is starting to speak up for himself too	like, my life with Christ feels like it’s starting to show upAaron Peterson:	Interesting!  I totally get it thoDavid Woodall:	so, for example - a totally strange voice / thought in you might be thankful or accepting of what you’re going through	like you catch glimpses of it then it fades	then you’re sad and depressed againAaron Peterson:	Exactly!David Woodall:	i think those are two different sources	not the old man getting optimisticAaron Peterson:	Constantly back and firth	I gotchaDavid Woodall:	you can identify yourself with the new man	and say that’s the voice that wins. and declare the old man is not representative of what you Ultimately think or know	so, for me i’ve been confessing things like - man, my old man wants health, wealth, and is pissed at all this setback and failure	and my old man is annoyed at my dad for being absent	but the new man in me has helped me see that I needed all that to be formed unto Christ	and start to be an outward representative of the inner, new manAaron Peterson:	That's good stuff!	That's awesome!David Woodall:	bring the old man into the light and then kick his ass with truthAaron Peterson:	Haha love it!	Copyright that