# The frameworkI’m questioning the framework of self-focus for the good or not. That you either do it, or don’tfocus to get better in your body, soul, spirit. Rather - I am part of Christ who knows me and He has a will and plan for me  so many sermons have us focusing on running TO good and FROM bad but neither of those are the pointThose are experiences, covered in grace, that lead us onto the Lord for us to see what we are not and what He is often played out in ways that don’t fit well into a sermon bc they are longer, more subtle, or just more realSince I’ve started confessing my internal desire to be king and have a kingdom and be worshiped, I have found it losing it’s lusterand my peace and confidence in the Lord to care for me has gone up, no matter if i’m healthy or wealthyi’d also like to believe my pride has gone down and my humility to own my shortcomings has increased in order to allow Him to meet me where I am REALLY atI don’t have ‘5 points’ i’m trying to defend and compare myself You need to go through a period of living with a Aaron Peterson:	I hear you. I guess I'm coming at it from a different angle. This past year has physically and literally stripped away the kingdom of Aaron that the only thing I have left to focus on is what I think God was calling me to a long time ago which is being a doulos-a dead nothing that only serves and teaches others how to serve. I don't have the answers. I honestly feel more lost than I've ever felt. David Woodall:	i want to comment on that 😊	bc i feel that is why we are so similar and have such bizarre similar stories	here’s my OPINION/THEORY on what you just said	as to why you’re lost	want to hear or no?Aaron Peterson:	Of courseDavid Woodall:	Could you feel Lost b/c your definition of success is still tied to results that can only come if/when you are healthy and wealthy.	further, that your definition of success looks noble, but really deep down self-glorifying	“Jesus is the man, but He sure did make progress with me around.”Aaron Peterson:	That's is very likely!  David Woodall:	i think it takes what you and i have/are going through to gain a genuine perspective and paradigm shift	*genuine change in perspective	to have our hearts revealed so that they can change and lead and live a new life of real adventure	i joked, but i’m serious with those song lyrics yesterday	being in God’s family is such a huge identity and relief that i need not stop pursing things to acquire value	or significance	I am significant as a child of God	You are significant as a child of God	you didn’t do (or have) anything to become valuableAaron Peterson:	Yeah I totally understand that and I love my identity and I love God and with that said I feel like it would've been a lot more simple for me and for God to enjoy those attributes by taking me to heaven instead of leaving me here where now I feel like there's some grandiose purpose that I'm supposed to be fulfilling but I have no idea what that looks like and I'm pretty sure it doesn't look like me living in my brothers basement or my parents spare bedroom.  David Woodall:	Love it	and i’m pretty sure you don’t know b/c you aren’t capable of knowing	you sound like the 4month old baby that wishes he could stop forming his ears and eyes in the womb b/c they are not necessary in such a nice, dark, life of water	why do i need a mouth? this umbilical cord feeds me just fine!Aaron Peterson:	Haha. So I'll be 45 and living with my brother. LolDavid Woodall:	you are being prepared	you sound like you have forgotten this life is a breath	we’ve known each other 19 years.	that’s 51% of our livesAaron Peterson:	No, I know it is and I want to cram so much in while I'm here. But now I don't have the health or wealth to do any cramming David Woodall:	before you know it, you’ll be visiting me in the grave	b/c cramming and doing things are only ways to contrast what you think is real vs. what is real	we have lists of things we WOULD do if we were God.	when we try to live like God, like something we are not, (in a phantasy) we get sad and depressed b/c we compare who we are with what we want to be.	when you confront and realize who you really are and how you are meant to live, things start to get even better	this life is letting you experience your internal, royal DNA but preventing you from thinking it’s yours for the taking	you have Divine blood in you but you don’t know how it works	you think it’s there to make you better	to put you on topAaron Peterson:	You're blowing my mind. :)David Woodall:	Our life is Divine and glorious, but not for our glory.	God is doing amazing things and we’re apart of that. And it has nothing to do with what we want. It has to do what He wants. 	What He wants is not of concern right now. What is first is - can we stop pursuing our will in order to be ready to hold His.	my last 15 years have shown me that my best attempts are not worth defending or continuing	i’ve given up on myself	only by experiencing - death(s), failure, debt, setback, loss, etc	those things blinded me to reality that God is forming Himself in us.	God does not need you to be healthy or wealthy to have His will done in your life