## Chapter 7

- 3
Thus says YHVH of hosts, the God of Israel, “Amend your ways and your deeds, and I will let you dwell in this place.

- 4
“Do not trust in deceptive words, saying, ‘This is the temple of YHVH, the temple of YHVH, the temple of YHVH.’

- 5
“For if you truly amend your ways and your deeds, if you truly practice justice between a man and his neighbor,

- 6
if you do not oppress the alien, the orphan, or the widow, and do not shed innocent blood in this place, nor walk after other gods to your own ruin,

- 7
then I will let you dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers forever and ever.

- 8
“Behold, you are trusting in deceptive words to no avail.

- 9
“Will you steal, murder, and commit adultery and swear falsely, and offer sacrifices to Baal and walk after other gods that you have not known,

- 10
then come and stand before Me in this house, which is called by My name, and say, ‘We are delivered!’—that you may do all these abominations?

- 11
“Has this house, which is called by My name, become a den of robbers in your sight? Behold, I, even I, have seen it,” declares YHVH.


- 12
“But go now to My place which was in Shiloh, where I made My name dwell at the first, and see what I did to it because of the wickedness of My people Israel.

- 13
“And now, because you have done all these things,” declares YHVH, “and I spoke to you, rising up early and speaking, but you did not hear, and I called you but you did not answer,

- 14
therefore, I will do to the house which is called by My name, in which you trust, and to the place which I gave you and your fathers, as I did to Shiloh.

- 15
“I will cast you out of My sight, as I have cast out all your brothers, all the offspring of Ephraim.

- 19
“Do they spite Me?” declares YHVH. “Is it not themselves they spite, to their own shame?”

- 23
“But this is what I commanded them, saying, ‘Obey My voice, and I will be your God, and you will be My people; and you will walk in all the way which I command you, that it may be well with you.’

- 24
“Yet they did not obey or incline their ear, but walked in their own counsels and in the stubbornness of their evil heart, and went backward and not forward.

- 28
“You shall say to them, ‘This is the nation that did not obey the voice of YHVH their God or accept correction; truth has perished and has been cut off from their mouth.
