## Chapter 9

- 3
"They bend their tongue like their bow; Lies and not truth prevail in the land; For they proceed from evil to evil, And they do not know Me," declares YHVH.

- 4
"Let everyone be on guard against his neighbor, And do not trust any brother; Because every brother deals craftily, And every neighbor goes about as a slanderer.

- 5
"Everyone deceives his neighbor And does not speak the truth, They have taught their tongue to speak lies; They weary themselves committing iniquity.

- 6
"Your dwelling is in the midst of deceit; Through deceit they refuse to know Me," declares YHVH.

- 7
Therefore thus says YHVH of hosts, "Behold, I will refine them and assay them; For what else can I do, because of the daughter of My people?

- 8
"Their tongue is a deadly arrow; It speaks deceit; With his mouth one speaks peace to his neighbor, But inwardly he sets an ambush for him.

- 9
"Shall I not punish them for these things?" declares YHVH. "On a nation such as this Shall I not avenge Myself?

- 13
YHVH said, "Because they have forsaken My law which I set before them, and have not obeyed My voice nor walked according to it,

- 14
but have walked after the stubbornness of their heart and after the Baals, as their fathers taught them,"

- 23
Thus says YHVH, "Let not a wise man boast of his wisdom, and let not the mighty man boast of his might, let not a rich man boast of his riches;

- 24
but let him who boasts boast of this, that he understands and knows Me, that I am YHVH who exercises lovingkindness, justice and righteousness on earth; for I delight in these things," declares YHVH.

- 26
Egypt and Judah, and Edom and the sons of Ammon, and Moab and all those inhabiting the desert who clip the hair on their temples; for all the nations are uncircumcised, and all the house of Israel are uncircumcised of heart."
