2015-10-30

Hello @here,
I’ve been thinking a lot about where LivingSocial is and what it could be. I've written a 35 page plan for LivingSocial 2.0 and would value your thoughts before I send it to GT on Monday. I've already met with Maria, Diwakar (Our new head of product), and also shared it several coworkers who are listed on the last page. I've attached the _TL;DR_. DM me anytime between now and Monday and we can discuss. The more input the better! https://www.dropbox.com/s/kcfsgflxgc53lw7/Screenshot%202015-10-30%2014.02.18.png?dl=0

--- 
our goal, to fiscally break even whil

---

@shane, 

I'll start with the last question, first. New Business Vs. Repeat Business.
It is unquestionably easier to resell an existing customer than to convince a new customer


---

This paper is not creating new things as much as identifying big trends and offering them to our captive 321,703 vendor base who we currently don't sell *to*.
- one push dash buttons by Amazon
- leaning on the experts, the way people do with Trunk Club & Friends
- sending buy buttons like Dollar Shave Club
- charging for sending email like MailChimp
- sticking inside our core tech competency of Rails, Email, etc.


-- 

@paul,
but to answer your question more specificlly...
We have a remarkable platform in Merchant Services that can be the starting place to build an MVP. A profitable prototype is very convincing to Investors. The MVP and the vision will make a very compelling pitch to investors. 


--- 

@dude, I see you're point. I presumed as 'work is life' mentality that I didn't mean to convey. I've changed it to 

> We need to retain our A+ players. We need a rally cry louder than ‘break even!’ to keep A+ people from finding something meaningful to do with their professional lives.

What do you think?
