2015-11-06

Jared. 
2015-11-06
notes

1. conditional comments for ie
2. preferred - modernizr.

be future oriented with some backwards support

work with idea that property will not be supported and have a fallback for that rather than other 

## tools


---

Tim, 

I have been behind on all things - to the point I even decided to just take a break from paying bills for a month. I won't get dinged for 30 days and I'll pay the late fees just to have the time to not deal with that. Also, I have been experimenting with a different view to money all this year and so far I prefer it. http://wwwoodall.com/blog/rejecting-the-pyramid-scheme (I can't remember if I sent that to you)

To answer your questions 

> Do you think you are searching and reading about these fringe topics bc as you get older its harder to believe all the stories we were taught growing up about what the bible all means? So you look for other ways to make it make sense...

I love that question. The short answer is 'yes' but my journey is probably going in the opposite direction you're alluding to. For example, what was the tower of babel really all about? Why would God wipe out the whole world in the flood? Where did Satan go after he was kicked out of heaven? Really giving the bible a chance to defend itself to the stories we were taught. I'm reading a book right now that was written in 1876 called Earth's Earliest Ages. The first half of the book is (180 +/- pages) is easily top 3 best Christian books I've ever read. One thing I've learned that I love is how he explains why the earth looks millions of years old. Because through scripture he explains that there is a gap between the first two verses of Genesis. 

_1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth._

_2 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters._

Verse 1 is in of itself a complete story. Then, in vs 2 the story picks up where the Earth is at a state of Chaos. It's a lucifierian principal to think Order comes from Chaos. But the way God works, Chaos comes from Order. That sounds really abstract but the author does an amazing job of explaining it all and put a much more recognizable understanding of spiritual warfare. Why this intrigues me? Before we know it, we are dead. We are here but a blink and yet life is unmeasurably complex and layered that what we see cannot just be it. The bible is a violent, disturbing, and not appropriate for children. So, it makes me think it's real. If I were to write a spiritual book, I'd make the God much more appealing, approachable, and attainable. The God of the bible is shrouded in mystery, holiness, strange engagements, and hates the proud - a very consistent theme from Satan's pride to the same pride I struggle with.


May i ask, what happened to olivia exactly? 

She had both heart and brain failure. It came out of nowhere. there is some speculation that some of Danae's meds (Zophran) was the result. I spent a few hours on the phone with some attorneys but the life they described to fight a drug company for 3 - 5 years... there's no amount of money that would entice me on that path.

On a business / career note...

Last month LivingSocial laid off 200 people including 20 engineers - which is a big no no.
It's actually the 3rd time the 2 year old CEO laid people off because we're losing so much money. LS has never made a positive net income in 8 years despite hitting 900M in Gross Billings! So, I couldn't help myself and asked him if I could present some ideas for a vision for LIvingSocial.

I thought of you because it's pretty NT / Macro / Big Picture - and I don't know anyone other than yourself who likes to think at this altitude. :-D

The way Livingsocial works is to have a head of Business, Product, and Engineering to direct a division - so I had meetings with all 3 and they were all into it. 

There's a one page summary on page 3.
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/13563632/xls_draft.pdf

I'm getting hit by jobs smelling LS blood and I've also been interviewing with a few companies. I even got hit up by my old CEO for the apparel company I was art director for. Now that I'm coding he wants me to come help him with some online apparel ideas - like a customink.com for hats kinda stuff.

On top of all this life with 6 month old means I'm tired all the time! :-D

Keep the comments, updates, questions coming!
