2015-10-26

In a company this size, the only thing worth keeping me here is the people. once they are gone, then the whole thing becomes worthless.
----

GT, 
I know you have consultants and leadership working on a plan, so you may have entertained something similar yourselves. You should be inspired that you have 800 employees that are passionate about the company we have been a part of and we want it to succeed. I have included my thoughts for you to take and do what you like.

[what are my objectives in the cover letter?]

----
Hey Kari, 

I had a great time with Charlie. I offered him that he would alternate with Danae as my weekly helper so the two of them could take turns and rest. Per our hall chat I have a few things to ask...

1. Envelopes for handouts?
Would it be possible to order 8 x 5 manilla folders to hand out to parents each week instead of multiple sheets of paper? Then, I'd just write their name on it.

2. Trading cards for good behavior?
Yesterday I introduced my animal cards, (I call Animores) to the class as a reward for good behavior (instead of candy) and they were a huge hit. I only had 7 cards and the kids were trading them and asking for more.  I have about 20 cards or so in the collection and I'd love to pass them out. Would you be interested in me printing them in a larger run for all the kids to EARN a set for good behavior? If so, I'm wondering if I could print them at FedEx then submit an receipt for reimbursement?

3. Memorize Proverbs?
I have been teaching my boys to memorize Proverbs chapters 1 - 3. Oscar is working on Proverbs 2:14 & Wells is on 1:28. I built an app to help keep track at proverbs.wwwoodall.com. Would it be something I could share with the parents that we are memorizing Proverbs and reviewing it on Sundays (Kids who memorize for that week would get an Animore)

4. Monthly parents night out?
Can I have access to the kids room on the 4th friday (or saturday) of the month for parents night out?

5. Cornerstone kids fund raiser idea
Yesterday's lesson was about the wilderness and trusting God in hard times. I summarized the lesson with the tagline "Pray & Play when you're in the wilderness"
Then, after we finished our lesson we played were memory, checkers, and a game invented to introduce toddlers to plus and minus. The kids enjoyed playing it and it got me thinking I could offer the game to parents for $20 and all proceeds go to Cornerstone Kids Program. So, it would be in the form of a fund raiser that is fun and educational! :-D

The game is called www.catmathdo.com and a 1m intro video is here;
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVVDqySNUSg

Could I offer it to parents?
