## the bible gets some credit
Rather, I leaned into the bible and began to accept the words that were written rather than pick and choose what I wanted to believe. In doing so - my eyes have begun to open to the amount of false doctrine, lies, and selfish theology I believed for the first 33 years as a Christian. Before I was a American Christian, I might call a Ameristian.

Now I see that the bible is a super natural book. In so that YHVH has chosen to speak and protect His word. Many have attacked it and sought to prevent His word from spreading but it has endured for thousands of years. There is plenty of evidence to support it. And it speaks to philosophical, spiritual, financial, relational, theological, and psycological questions that man continues to ask. The detractors will say - "Yeah, but so do all the other religious texts." Which is a lie. But let's just say that's true. Okay, so which text did you choose? Which text are you letting lead your life? The point is they use the 'all the same' to imply that me picking one is not smart and that their not able to quote anything from any book is a better view. If they were to stop and think about their argument then I might ask them what they really mean. Because what they just revealed is that they prefer not to read (or follow) any text in favor of leading life for themselves. I decided to pick a book and (apparently to them) it has the exact same stuff as all the other books. _Okay_ so then this book must be okay right? Because they are all the same. So, I picked one. How about you? which book did you pick? Once you commit to a book - maybe lets compare notes and see how things compare and contrast.